
 
 
The following is a press release from Standard & Poor's: 
 
NEW YORK (Standard & Poor's) March 12, 2015--Standard & Poor's Ratings 
Services said today that it assigned its 'A-' rating to EOG Resources Inc.'s 
planned senior unsecured note offering. The company expects to use proceeds 
for general corporate purposes, including funding of future capital 
expenditures. The 'A-' long-term and 'A-2' short-term corporate credit ratings 
are unchanged. The outlook is positive. 
 
The ratings on EOG Resources reflect our assessment of its "strong" business 
risk, "modest" financial risk, and "adequate" liquidity. Our ratings reflect 
EOG's large proved reserve base (although still smaller than many of its 
higher-rated peers), significant acreage positions in key North American 
oil-focused plays, successful track record as an onshore operator, and low 
cost structure. The ratings also incorporate our assessment of the company's 
strong credit protection measures and the high investment levels required to 
develop its reserves. 
 
The positive outlook reflects our view that we could raise the corporate 
credit rating should EOG maintain its good growth momentum and successfully 
develop its asset base while maintaining above-average profitability and 
strong credit protection measures. 
 
RELATED CRITERIA AND RESEARCH 
 
Related Criteria 
     -- General: Corporate Methodology, Nov. 19, 2013 
     -- 2008 Corporate Criteria: Rating Each Issue, April 15, 2008 
 
Related Research 
     -- EOG Resources Inc. Outlook Revised To Positive; 'A-' Corporate Credit 
And Debt Ratings Affirmed, Aug. 28, 2014 
 
RATINGS LIST 
EOG Resources Inc. 
Corporate credit rating                A-/Positive/A-2 
 
New Rating 
EOG Resources Inc. 
 Proposed sr unsecd notes              A- 
 
Information on GAMMA scores and corporate governance scores is available to 
subscribers of RatingsDirect on the Global Credit Portal at 
www.globalcreditportal.com.  If you are not a RatingsDirect subscriber, you 
may purchase a Information on GAMMA scores and corporate governance scores is 
available to subscribers of RatingsDirect on the Global Credit Portal at 
www.globalcreditportal.com.  It is also available at 
www.governance.standardandpoors.com, and on the Russian-language web site at 
www.standardandpoors.ru. Alternatively, call Standard & Poor's Moscow office 
at: (7) 495-783-4040. 
 
Primary Credit Analyst: Carin Dehne-Kiley, CFA, New York (1) 212-438-1092; 
                        carin.dehne-kiley@standardandpoors.com 
Secondary Contact: Stephen Scovotti, New York (1) 212-438-5882; 
                   stephen.scovotti@standardandpoors.com 
 
 
No content (including ratings, credit-related analyses and data, valuations, 
model, software, or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof 
(Content) may be modified, reverse engineered, reproduced, or distributed in 
any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without 
the prior written permission of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC or 
its affiliates (collectively, S&P). The Content shall not be used for any 
unlawful or unauthorized purposes. S&P and any third-party providers, as well 
as their directors, officers, shareholders, employees, or agents (collectively 
S&P Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, or 
availability of the Content. S&P Parties are not responsible for any errors 
or omissions (negligent or otherwise), regardless of the cause, for the 
results obtained from the use of the Content, or for the security or 
maintenance of any data input by the user. The Content is provided on an "as 
is" basis. S&P PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, 
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS 
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR 
DEFECTS, THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, OR THAT THE 
CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event 
shall S&P Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental, 
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, 
expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without limitation, lost income or 
lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in 
connection with any use of the Content even if advised of the possibility of 
such damages. 
 
Credit-related and other analyses, including ratings, and statements in the 
Content are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not 
statements of fact. S&P's opinions, analyses, and rating acknowledgment 
decisions (described below) are not recommendations to purchase, hold, or sell 
any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the 
suitability of any security. S&P assumes no obligation to update the Content 
following publication in any form or format.  The Content should not be relied 
on and is not a substitute for the skill, judgment, and experience of the 
user, its management, employees, advisors, and/or clients when making 
investment and other business decisions. S&P does not act as a fiduciary or 
an investment advisor except where registered as such. While S&P has obtained 
information from sources it believes to be reliable, S&P does not perform an 
audit and undertakes no duty of due diligence or independent verification of 
any information it receives. 
 
To the extent that regulatory authorities allow a rating agency to acknowledge 
in one jurisdiction a rating issued in another jurisdiction for certain 
regulatory purposes, S&P reserves the right to assign, withdraw, or suspend 
such acknowledgement at any time and in its sole discretion. S&P Parties 
disclaim any duty whatsoever arising out of the assignment, withdrawal, or 
suspension of an acknowledgment as well as any liability for any damage 
alleged to have been suffered on account thereof. 
 
S&P keeps certain activities of its business units separate from each other in 
order to preserve the independence and objectivity of their respective 
activities. As a result, certain business units of S&P may have information 
that is not available to other S&P business units. S&P has established 
policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic 
information received in connection with each analytical process. 
 
S&P may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally 
from issuers or underwriters of securities or from obligors. S&P reserves the 
right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P's public ratings and 
analyses are made available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free 
of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com 
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P 
publications and third-party redistributors. Additional information about our 
ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees. 
 
Any Passwords/user IDs issued by S&P to users are single user-dedicated and 
may ONLY be used by the individual to whom they have been assigned. 
No sharing of passwords/user IDs and no simultaneous access via the same 
password/user ID is permitted. To reprint, translate, or use the data or 
information other than as provided herein, contact Client Services, 
55 Water Street, New York, NY 10041; (1) 212-438-7280 or by e-mail to: 
research_request@standardandpoors.com. 
 
Copyright (c) 2015 by Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC. 
All rights reserved. 
 
 

(END) Dow Jones Newswires

March 12, 2015 12:02 ET (16:02 GMT)