
 
   New York, NY - October 27, 2017 - The Board of Directors of Interpublic 
Group   http://www.interpublic.com/  (NYSE: IPG) today announced the 
appointment of Patrick Q. Moore , as an independent director of IPG, 
effective January 1, 2018. Mr. Moore is the EVP, Strategy and Business 
Development of Carters, Inc ., a leading branded marketer in the United 
States and Canada of infant and children's apparel and related products, 
having served in that role since August 2017. 
 
   Mr. Moore's appointment expands IPG's Board to eleven directors, ten of 
whom are independent. Mr. Moore will serve on the Audit and Compensation 
and Leadership Talent committees. 
 
   "We are pleased to welcome Patrick Moore  to IPG's Board of Directors," 
said Michael Roth , Chairman and CEO of IPG. "Patrick's strategic 
consulting expertise combined with his deep knowledge of business 
development and operations at consumer facing brands will be invaluable 
to both our Board and IPG." 
 
   Prior to his current role at Carter's, Mr. Moore served as the Chief 
Strategy & Corporate Development Officer YP Holdings from 2013 to 2017. 
Mr. Moore also spent more than 10 years at McKinsey & Company , a global 
management consulting firm, serving as a Partner in the firm's Consumer 
Practice and also led the Consumer Digital Excellence initiative at 
McKinsey in North America, spanning online, e-commerce, and multichannel 
initiatives. 
 
   # # # 
 
   About Interpublic  
 
   Interpublic  is one of the world's leading organizations of advertising 
agencies and marketing services companies. Major global brands include 
Craft, FCB (Foote, Cone & Belding), FutureBrand, Golin, Huge, Initiative, 
Jack Morton Worldwide , MAGNA , McCann, Momentum, MRM//McCann, MullenLowe 
Group , Octagon, R/GA, UM and Weber Shandwick . Other leading brands 
include Avrett Free Ginsberg, Campbell Ewald , Carmichael Lynch , Deutsch, 
Hill Holliday , ID Media  and The Martin Agency . For more information, 
please visit www.interpublic.com. 
 
 
 
   # # # 
 
   Contact Information 
 
   Tom Cunningham  
 
   (Press) 
 
   (212) 704-1326 
 
   Jerry Leshne 
 
   (Analysts, Investors) 
 
   (212) 704-1439 
 
 
 
   This announcement is distributed by Nasdaq Corporate Solutions on behalf 
of Nasdaq Corporate Solutions clients. 
 
   The issuer of this announcement warrants that they are solely 
responsible for the content, accuracy and originality of the information 
contained therein. 
 
   Source: INTERPUBLIC GROUP OF COMPANIES, INC . via Globenewswire 
 
 
   http://www.interpublic.com  
 

27 Oct 2017 09:00 ET 
Press Release: Patrick Q. Moore  Joins Interpublic  Board of Directors


 
   New York, NY - October 27, 2017 - The Board of Directors of Interpublic 
Group   http://www.interpublic.com/  (NYSE: IPG) today announced the 
appointment of Patrick Q. Moore , as an independent director of IPG, 
effective January 1, 2018. Mr. Moore is the EVP, Strategy and Business 
Development of Carters, Inc ., a leading branded marketer in the United 
States and Canada of infant and children's apparel and related products, 
having served in that role since August 2017. 
 
   Mr. Moore's appointment expands IPG's Board to eleven directors, ten of 
whom are independent. Mr. Moore will serve on the Audit and Compensation 
and Leadership Talent committees. 
 
   "We are pleased to welcome Patrick Moore  to IPG's Board of Directors," 
said Michael Roth , Chairman and CEO of IPG. "Patrick's strategic 
consulting expertise combined with his deep knowledge of business 
development and operations at consumer facing brands will be invaluable 
to both our Board and IPG." 
 
   Prior to his current role at Carter's, Mr. Moore served as the Chief 
Strategy & Corporate Development Officer YP Holdings from 2013 to 2017. 
Mr. Moore also spent more than 10 years at McKinsey & Company , a global 
management consulting firm, serving as a Partner in the firm's Consumer 
Practice and also led the Consumer Digital Excellence initiative at 
McKinsey in North America, spanning online, e-commerce, and multichannel 
initiatives. 
 
   # # # 
 
   About Interpublic  
 
   Interpublic  is one of the world's leading organizations of advertising 
agencies and marketing services companies. Major global brands include 
Craft, FCB (Foote, Cone & Belding), FutureBrand, Golin, Huge, Initiative, 
Jack Morton Worldwide , MAGNA , McCann, Momentum, MRM//McCann, MullenLowe 
Group , Octagon, R/GA, UM and Weber Shandwick . Other leading brands 
include Avrett Free Ginsberg, Campbell Ewald , Carmichael Lynch , Deutsch, 
Hill Holliday , ID Media  and The Martin Agency . For more information, 
please visit www.interpublic.com. 
 
 
 
   # # # 
 
   Contact Information 
 
   Tom Cunningham  
 
   (Press) 
 
   (212) 704-1326 
 
   Jerry Leshne 
 
   (Analysts, Investors) 
 
   (212) 704-1439 
 
 
 
   This announcement is distributed by Nasdaq Corporate Solutions on behalf 
of Nasdaq Corporate Solutions clients. 
 
   The issuer of this announcement warrants that they are solely 
responsible for the content, accuracy and originality of the information 
contained therein. 
 
   Source: INTERPUBLIC GROUP OF COMPANIES, INC . via Globenewswire 
 
 
   http://www.interpublic.com  
 

27 Oct 2017 09:00 ET *Patrick Q. Moore Joins Interpublic  Board of Directors

27 Oct 2017 09:01 ET *Interpublic  Names Patrick Moore  an Independent Director >IPG

(MORE TO FOLLOW) Dow Jones Newswires (212-416-2800)

October 27, 2017 09:01 ET (13:01 GMT)