
 
   COLUMBUS, Ohio - May 11, 2017 - Mettler-Toledo International Inc . 
(NYSE:MTD) today announced the webcast of its presentation at the Bank 
of America Merrill Lynch Healthcare Conference in Las Vegas, NV on 
Thursday, May 18, 2017, at 12:20 p.m. Eastern Time (9:20 a.m. Pacific 
Time).  To hear a live webcast of the presentation, visit the investor 
relations page on the Company's Web site at www.mt.com/investors.  A 
replay of the webcast will be available for seven days. 
 
   METTLER TOLEDO (NYSE: MTD) is a leading global supplier of precision 
instruments and services. We have strong leadership positions in all of 
our businesses and believe we hold global number-one market positions in 
most of them. We are recognized as an innovation leader and our 
solutions are critical in key R&D, quality control, and manufacturing 
processes for customers in a wide range of industries including life 
sciences, food, and chemicals. Our sales and service network is one of 
the most extensive in the industry. Our products are sold in more than 
140 countries and we have a direct presence in approximately 40 
countries. With proven growth strategies and a focus on execution, we 
have achieved a long-term track record of strong financial performance. 
For more information, please visit www.mt.com. 
 
   Contact: Mary T. Finnegan , Treasurer / Investor Relations, 
+1-614-438-4748 
 
   This announcement is distributed by Nasdaq Corporate Solutions on behalf 
of Nasdaq Corporate Solutions clients. 
 
   The issuer of this announcement warrants that they are solely 
responsible for the content, accuracy and originality of the information 
contained therein. 
 
   Source: Mettler-Toledo International Inc . via Globenewswire 
 
 
   http://www.mt.com . via Globenewswire 
 
 
  

11 May 2017 14:27 ET 
Press Release: Mettler-Toledo International Inc . Announces Webcast of Presentation at Bank of America Merrill Lynch Healthcare Conference


 
   COLUMBUS, Ohio - May 11, 2017 - Mettler-Toledo International Inc . 
(NYSE:MTD) today announced the webcast of its presentation at the Bank 
of America Merrill Lynch Healthcare Conference in Las Vegas, NV on 
Thursday, May 18, 2017, at 12:20 p.m. Eastern Time (9:20 a.m. Pacific 
Time).  To hear a live webcast of the presentation, visit the investor 
relations page on the Company's Web site at www.mt.com/investors.  A 
replay of the webcast will be available for seven days. 
 
   METTLER TOLEDO (NYSE: MTD) is a leading global supplier of precision 
instruments and services. We have strong leadership positions in all of 
our businesses and believe we hold global number-one market positions in 
most of them. We are recognized as an innovation leader and our 
solutions are critical in key R&D, quality control, and manufacturing 
processes for customers in a wide range of industries including life 
sciences, food, and chemicals. Our sales and service network is one of 
the most extensive in the industry. Our products are sold in more than 
140 countries and we have a direct presence in approximately 40 
countries. With proven growth strategies and a focus on execution, we 
have achieved a long-term track record of strong financial performance. 
For more information, please visit www.mt.com. 
 
   Contact: Mary T. Finnegan , Treasurer / Investor Relations, 
+1-614-438-4748 
 
   This announcement is distributed by Nasdaq Corporate Solutions on behalf 
of Nasdaq Corporate Solutions clients. 
 
   The issuer of this announcement warrants that they are solely 
responsible for the content, accuracy and originality of the information 
contained therein. 
 
   Source: Mettler-Toledo International Inc . via Globenewswire 
 
 
   http://www.mt.com . via Globenewswire 
 
 
  

(END) Dow Jones Newswires

May 11, 2017 14:27 ET (18:27 GMT)