
 
   News from Aon 
 
   For Immediate Release 
 
 
 
 
   Aon Announces First Quarter 2013 
 
   Earnings Release and Conference Call 
 
   LONDON - April 11, 2013 - Aon plc (NYSE: AON) plans to announce first 
quarter 2013 results on Friday, April 26, 2013 in a news release to be 
issued before the market opens.  Greg Case, president and CEO, will host 
a conference call at 7:30 am Central Time on Friday, April 26, 2013. 
The conference call will be broadcast live through Aon's website at 
(http://www.aon.com/) www.aon.com. Adobe Flash is required to listen to 
this webcast. A replay will be available shortly after the live webcast. 
The earnings release and supplemental slide presentation will be 
available on Aon's web site at (http://www.aon.com/) www.aon.com. 
 
   About Aon 
 
   Aon plc (NYSE:AON) is the leading global provider of risk management, 
insurance and reinsurance brokerage, and human resources solutions and 
outsourcing services. Through its more than 65,000 colleagues worldwide, 
Aon unites to empower results for clients in over 120 countries via 
innovative and effective risk and people solutions and through 
industry-leading global resources and technical expertise. Aon has been 
named repeatedly as the world's best broker, best insurance intermediary, 
reinsurance intermediary, captives manager and best employee benefits 
consulting firm by multiple industry sources. Visit 
(http://www.aon.com/) www.aon.com for more information on Aon and 
(http://www.aon.com/manchesterunited) www.aon.com/manchesterunited to 
learn about Aon's global partnership and shirt sponsorship with 
Manchester United. 
 
   # 
 
   Investor Contact: 
 
   Scott Malchow 
 
   Vice President, Investor Relations 
 
   +44-207-086-0100 
 
   Media Contact: 
 
   David Prosperi 
 
   Vice President, Global Public Relations 
 
   312-381-2485 
 
   (http://hugin.info/149117/R/1692549/556076.pdf) Aon Announces First 
Quarter 2013 Earnings Release and Conference Call 
 
   This announcement is distributed by Thomson Reuters on behalf of Thomson 
Reuters clients. 
 
   The owner of this announcement warrants that: 
 
   (i) the releases contained herein are protected by copyright and other 
applicable laws; and 
 
   (ii) they are solely responsible for the content, accuracy and 
originality of the 
 
   information contained therein. 
 
   Source: Aon plc. via Thomson Reuters ONE 
 
   HUG#1692549 
 
 
 

(END) Dow Jones Newswires

April 11, 2013 16:01 ET (20:01 GMT)