
 
 
The following is a press release from Standard & Poor's : 
 
     -- U.S.-based Campbell Soup Co . is purchasing Snyder's-Lance Inc . for 
about $6.1 billion. We believe that the transaction will close in the calendar 
second quarter of 2018. 
     -- We believe the proposed acquisition will substantially increase 
Campbell's debt obligations and meaningfully weaken its credit protection 
measures. 
     -- As a result, we are lowering all of our long-term ratings on Campbell, 
including our corporate credit rating, to 'BBB' from 'BBB+'. 
     -- We are also affirming our 'A-2' short-term and commercial paper 
ratings. 
     -- The negative outlook reflects the pro forma credit metric 
deterioration following the acquisition, the inherent integration risks of 
such a large acquisition, and the risk that Campbell's Fresh segment will 
continue to underperform, as well as that Snyder's-Lance  relatively weak 
margins may not rebound, thus causing Campbell to struggle to reduce leverage 
below 4.0x over the next 24 months. 
 
NEW YORK (S&P Global Ratings) Dec. 18, 2017--S&P Global Ratings said today 
that it had lowered its corporate credit rating on Camden, New Jersey-based 
Campbell Soup Co . to 'BBB' from 'BBB+'. The outlook is negative. At the same 
time, we affirmed the 'A-2' short-term rating. 
 
We also lowered the existing issue-level ratings to 'BBB' from 'BBB+'. 
 
The ratings are based on preliminary information and can change if the terms 
of transaction change. We estimate that Campbell's pro forma fund debt for the 
acquisition would be roughly $10.3 billion at the transaction's close, based 
on current financing expectations. 
 
The downgrade reflects our belief that Campbell's pro forma credit protection 
measures will meaningfully deteriorate following this acquisition and will 
remain weaker than our prior expectations for several years after the close of 
the transaction. In addition, S&P Global Ratings believes the company's 
willingness to fund a large acquisition almost entirely with debt is a 
departure from its historically conservative financial policy that supports 
the current ratings. We see the possibility that Campbell will not be able to 
deleverage below 4.0x over the next 24 months because it may have difficulty 
strengthening Snyder's-Lance 's EBITDA margins, which are below peer averages. 
This comes especially at a time when it needs to reverse negative trends in 
its Campbell Fresh division, it needs to improve the margins of its recently 
acquired Pacific Food business, and its high-margin soup business is declining. 
 
Campbell will fund the acquisition almost entirely with debt. We estimate that 
the company's adjusted leverage will have increased to about 4.9x and that 
funds from operations (FFO) to debt will have dropped to below 15%, from 2.2x 
and 36%, respectively, for the 12 months ended Oct. 31, 2017. We had expected 
Campbell to maintain leverage at below 3.0x to maintain the current ratings 
and outlook. Our ratings now factor in our belief that Campbell will not 
improve credit metrics near those levels until the fiscal year 2022 (ending 
July 31) or thereafter. 
 
We expect that Campbell will prioritize debt reduction over shareholder 
returns during the next couple of years, including suspending its 
share-repurchase program. Under our base-case scenario, we estimate that 
Campbell will modestly deleverage during the next two years, with adjusted 
leverage declining to 4.2x at the end of fiscal 2019 and 3.8x in fiscal 2020 
and FFO to debt will strengthen to 18% and 20%, respectively. 
 
The negative outlook reflects the pro forma credit metric deterioration that 
will result from the proposed transaction and the inherent integration risks 
of a large acquisition at a time when Campbell's soup business, the Campbell 
Fresh segment, and Snyder's-Lance  are all underperforming. This results in the 
potential for Campbell to struggle to deleverage below 4x over the next 24 
months. If we lower the corporate credit rating, we will lower the rating on 
the commercial paper to 'A-3'. 
 
We could lower the ratings over the next 12-24 months if there are unexpected 
operating missteps in the integration or it is affected by the weak retail 
environment, leading to weaker profitability and cash flows, and adjusted debt 
to EBITDA remains above 4x. In addition, we could also lower the ratings if 
the company demonstrates a more aggressive financial policy by prioritizing 
cash to shareholder-friendly activities or another medium or large 
debt-financed acquisition that results in leverage remaining above 4x. 
 
We could revise the outlook to stable if the company successfully integrates 
Snyder's-Lance  and realizes the cost synergies as planned, and it strengthens 
credit metrics, including improving adjusted debt to EBITDA toward to the 
low-4x range with a clear path to deleveraging below 4x through a combination 
of EBITDA growth and debt reduction. 
 
RELATED CRITERIA 
     -- Criteria - Corporates - General: Reflecting Subordination Risk In 
Corporate Issue Ratings, Sept. 21, 2017 
     -- General Criteria: Methodology For Linking Long-Term And Short-Term 
Ratings, April 7, 2017 
     -- Criteria - Corporates - Industrials: Key Credit Factors For The 
Branded Nondurables Industry, May 7, 2015 
     -- Criteria - Corporates - General: Methodology And Assumptions: 
Liquidity Descriptors For Global Corporate Issuers, Dec. 16, 2014 
     -- General Criteria: Group Rating Methodology, Nov. 19, 2013 
     -- Criteria - Corporates - General: Corporate Methodology: Ratios And 
Adjustments, Nov. 19, 2013 
     -- Criteria - Corporates - General: Corporate Methodology, Nov. 19, 2013 
     -- General Criteria: Country Risk Assessment Methodology And Assumptions, 
Nov. 19, 2013 
     -- General Criteria: Methodology: Industry Risk, Nov. 19, 2013 
     -- General Criteria: Methodology: Management And Governance Credit 
Factors For Corporate Entities And Insurers, Nov. 13, 2012 
     -- General Criteria: Use Of CreditWatch And Outlooks, Sept. 14, 2009 
 
Certain terms used in this report, particularly certain adjectives used to 
express our view on rating relevant factors, have specific meanings ascribed 
to them in our criteria, and should therefore be read in conjunction with such 
criteria. Please see Ratings Criteria at www.standardandpoors.com for further 
information. Complete ratings information is available to subscribers of 
RatingsDirect at www.capitaliq.com. All ratings affected by this rating action 
can be found on the S&P Global Ratings' public website at 
www.standardandpoors.com. Use the Ratings search box located in the left 
column. 
 
Primary Credit Analyst: Diane M Shand, New York (1) 212-438-7860; 
                        diane.shand@spglobal.com 
Secondary Contact: Bea Y Chiem, San Francisco (1) 415-371-5070; 
                   bea.chiem@spglobal.com 
 
 
No content (including ratings, credit-related analyses and data, valuations, 
model, software, or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof 
(Content) may be modified, reverse engineered, reproduced, or distributed in 
any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without 
the prior written permission of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC  or 
its affiliates (collectively, S&P). The Content shall not be used for any 
unlawful or unauthorized purposes. S&P and any third-party providers, as well 
as their directors, officers, shareholders, employees, or agents (collectively 
S&P Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, or 
availability of the Content. S&P Parties are not responsible for any errors 
or omissions (negligent or otherwise), regardless of the cause, for the 
results obtained from the use of the Content, or for the security or 
maintenance of any data input by the user. The Content is provided on an "as 
is" basis. S&P PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, 
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS 
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR 
DEFECTS, THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, OR THAT THE 
CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event 
shall S&P Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental, 
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, 
expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without limitation, lost income or 
lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in 
connection with any use of the Content even if advised of the possibility of 
such damages. 
 
Credit-related and other analyses, including ratings, and statements in the 
Content are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not 
statements of fact. S&P's opinions, analyses, and rating acknowledgment 
decisions (described below) are not recommendations to purchase, hold, or sell 
any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the 
suitability of any security. S&P assumes no obligation to update the Content 
following publication in any form or format.  The Content should not be relied 
on and is not a substitute for the skill, judgment, and experience of the 
user, its management, employees, advisors, and/or clients when making 
investment and other business decisions. S&P does not act as a fiduciary or 
an investment advisor except where registered as such. While S&P has obtained 
information from sources it believes to be reliable, S&P does not perform an 
audit and undertakes no duty of due diligence or independent verification of 
any information it receives. 
 
To the extent that regulatory authorities allow a rating agency to acknowledge 
in one jurisdiction a rating issued in another jurisdiction for certain 
regulatory purposes, S&P reserves the right to assign, withdraw, or suspend 
such acknowledgement at any time and in its sole discretion. S&P Parties 
disclaim any duty whatsoever arising out of the assignment, withdrawal, or 

18 Dec 2017 09:36 ET 
Press Release: S&PGR Downgrades Campbell Soup Co. -2-


suspension of an acknowledgment as well as any liability for any damage 
alleged to have been suffered on account thereof. 
 
S&P keeps certain activities of its business units separate from each other in 
order to preserve the independence and objectivity of their respective 
activities. As a result, certain business units of S&P may have information 
that is not available to other S&P business units. S&P has established 
policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic 
information received in connection with each analytical process. 
 
S&P may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally 
from issuers or underwriters of securities or from obligors. S&P reserves the 
right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P's public ratings and 
analyses are made available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free 
of charge), and www.capitaliq.com (subscription), 
and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P 
publications and third-party redistributors. Additional information about our 
ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees. 
 
Any Passwords/user IDs issued by S&P to users are single user-dedicated and 
may ONLY be used by the individual to whom they have been assigned. 
No sharing of passwords/user IDs and no simultaneous access via the same 
password/user ID is permitted. To reprint, translate, or use the data or 
information other than as provided herein, contact Client Services, 
55 Water Street, New York, NY 10041; (1) 212-438-7280 or by e-mail to: 
research_request@spglobal.com. 
 
Copyright (c) 2017 by Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC . 
All rights reserved. 
 
 

18 Dec 2017 09:46 ET *S&PGR Downgrades Campbell Soup to 'BBB' From 'BBB+' >CPB

18 Dec 2017 09:46 ET *S&PGR Cites Campbell Soup 's Deal to Buy Snyder's-Lance  >CPB

18 Dec 2017 09:46 ET *S&PGR: Acquisition Will Substantially Increase Campbell's Debt Obligations >CPB

18 Dec 2017 09:47 ET *S&PGR: Deal Will Meaningfully Weaken Campbell's Credit Protection Measures >CPB

18 Dec 2017 09:48 ET *S&PGR: Deal is Departure From Campbell's Historically Conservative Financial Policy >CPB

18 Dec 2017 09:49 ET *S&PGR Sees Possibility Campbell Won't Be Able to Deleverage Below 4.0x Over Next 24 Months >CPB

18 Dec 2017 09:49 ET *S&PGR: Campbell May Have Difficulty Strengthening Snyder's-Lance 's Ebitda Margins >CPB

(MORE TO FOLLOW) Dow Jones Newswires (212-416-2800)

December 18, 2017 09:49 ET (14:49 GMT)