
 
 
The following is a press release from Standard & Poor's : 
 
SAN FRANCISCO (S&P Global Ratings) Nov. 6, 2017--S&P Global Ratings today said 
it raised its fund credit quality rating (FCQR) on Franklin Adjustable U.S. 
Government Securities Fund to 'AA+f' from 'AAf'. At the same time, we affirmed 
the 'S1' fund volatility ratings (FVRs) on the underlying portfolio. 
 
We have also removed the ratings from under criteria observation (UCO). We 
designated the ratings as UCO on June 26, 2017, following the publication of 
criteria pertaining to the assessment on this portfolio (see "Fixed-Income 
Funds Ratings Placed Under Criteria Observation On Publication Of Revised 
Criteria" and "S&P Global Ratings Publishes Fund Credit Quality And Fund 
Volatility Ratings Criteria," published June 26, 2017). 
 
The 'AA+f' FCQR signifies that the credit quality of the portfolio exposures 
is very strong. When undertaking our assessment following the publication of 
the criteria, we have determined that the credit risk profile of the 
underlying portfolios of the fund was consistent with a 'AA+f' FCQR. The 
change in the FCQR reflects the application of our revised FCQR methodology, 
rather than a shift in the investment policy of the fund. When determining the 
FCQRs, we first ascertained a preliminary FCQR through our quantitative 
assessment of a fund's portfolio credit risk via our fund credit quality 
matrix. The assessment reflects the weighted average credit risk of the 
portfolios of investments. The quantitative assessment of the Franklin 
Adjustable U.S. Government Securities Fund, which invests predominantly in 
adjustable-rate mortgage securities (ARMS) that are issued or guaranteed by 
the U.S. government , its agencies or instrumentalities, is consistent with 
'AA+f'. We have a strong qualitative assessment of Franklin Advisers Inc . and 
a neutral assessment of portfolio risk. 
 
The qualitative assessment entailed a review of the investment manager's 
management and organization, risk management and compliance, credit culture, 
and credit research. The portfolio risk assessment focused on four indicators: 
counterparty risk, concentration risk, liquidity, and fund credit score 
cushion (the proximity of the preliminary FCQR to a fund rating threshold). 
 
The affirmation of the 'S1' FVR signifies that the fund exhibits low 
volatility of returns comparable to a portfolio of short-duration government 
securities, typically maturing within one to three years and denominated in 
the base currency of the fund. We determined the FVR by assessing the 
historical volatility and dispersion of fund returns relative to reference 
indices. Next, we evaluated portfolio risk taking into account duration, 
credit exposures, liquidity, derivatives, leverage, foreign currency, and 
investment concentration. Given the determination that these portfolio risk 
factors were consistent, there was no adjustment to the preliminary FVR 
derived in review of return volatility and dispersion. We then used our strong 
qualitative assessment to determine that no adjustment was required to the 
FVR. 
 
We performed a comparable rating analysis on the Franklin Adjustable U.S. 
Government Securities Fund with other funds that have similar portfolio 
strategy and composition. Here we focused on a holistic view of the fund's 
portfolio credit quality and characteristics relative to its peers. The 
comparative rating analysis did not result in any adjustment to the rating. 
 
The Franklin Adjustable U.S. Government Securities Fund is part of the 
Franklin Investors Securities Trust. The fund seeks a high level of current 
income while providing lower volatility of principal than a fund that invests 
in fixed-rate securities. The fund invests predominantly in ARMS that are 
issued or guaranteed by the U.S. government , its agencies, or 
instrumentalities. The fund's investments may include securities issued by 
government-sponsored entities, such as Fannie Mae  and Freddie Mac . Franklin 
Advisers Inc . serves as the investment manager and is a wholly owned 
subsidiary of Franklin Resources Inc ., which is a global investment management 
organization operating as Franklin Templeton Investments . As of June 30, 2017, 
Franklin Templeton Investments  had more than $742 billion in assets under 
management. The Bank of New York  Mellon is the custodian, and Franklin 
Templeton Services LLC serves as the fund administrator and transfer agent. 
 
An FCQR, also known as a "bond fund rating," is a forward-looking opinion 
about the overall credit quality of a fixed-income investment fund. FCQRs, 
identified by the 'f' suffix, are assigned to fixed-income funds, actively or 
passively managed, typically exhibiting variable net asset values. The ratings 
reflect the credit risks of the portfolio investments, the level of the fund's 
counterparty risk, and the risk of the fund's management ability and 
willingness to maintain current fund credit quality. Unlike traditional credit 
ratings (e.g., issuer credit ratings), a fund credit quality rating does not 
address a fund's ability to meet payment obligations and is not a commentary 
on yield levels. 
 
An FVR is a forward-looking opinion about a fixed-income investment fund's 
volatility of returns relative to that of a "reference index" denominated in 
the base currency of the fund. A reference index is composed of government 
securities associated with the fund's base currency. FVRs are not globally 
comparable. FVRs reflect our expectation of the fund's future volatility of 
returns to remain consistent with its historical volatility of returns. FVRs 
reflect S&P Global Ratings' view of the fund's sensitivity to interest rate 
risk, credit risk, and liquidity risk, as well as other factors that may 
affect returns such as use of derivatives, use of leverage, exposure to 
foreign currency risk and investment concentration, and fund management. 
Different symbology is used to distinguish fund volatility ratings from S&P 
Global Ratings' traditional issue or issuer credit ratings. We do so because 
fund volatility ratings do not reflect creditworthiness but rather our view of 
a fund's volatility of returns. 
 
We review pertinent fund information and portfolio reports monthly as part of 
our surveillance process for our fund ratings. 
 
RELATED CRITERIA 
 
     -- Criteria - Financial Institutions - Fixed-Income Funds: Fund 
Volatility Ratings Methodology, June 26, 2017 
     -- Criteria - Financial Institutions - Fixed-Income Funds: Fund Credit 
Quality Ratings Methodology, June 26, 2017 
 
Certain terms used in this report, particularly certain adjectives used to 
express our view on rating relevant factors, have specific meanings ascribed 
to them in our criteria, and should therefore be read in conjunction with such 
criteria. Please see Ratings Criteria at www.standardandpoors.com for further 
information. Complete ratings information is available to subscribers of 
RatingsDirect at www.capitaliq.com. All ratings affected by this rating action 
can be found on the S&P Global Ratings' public website at 
www.standardandpoors.com. Use the Ratings search box located in the left 
column. 
 
Primary Credit Analyst: Wendy T Immerman, San Francisco (1) 212-438-5052; 
                        wendy.immerman@spglobal.com 
Secondary Contact: Joseph Giarratano, New York (212) 438-8942; 
                   joseph.giarratano@spglobal.com 
 
 
No content (including ratings, credit-related analyses and data, valuations, 
model, software, or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof 
(Content) may be modified, reverse engineered, reproduced, or distributed in 
any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without 
the prior written permission of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC  or 
its affiliates (collectively, S&P). The Content shall not be used for any 
unlawful or unauthorized purposes. S&P and any third-party providers, as well 
as their directors, officers, shareholders, employees, or agents (collectively 
S&P Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, or 
availability of the Content. S&P Parties are not responsible for any errors 
or omissions (negligent or otherwise), regardless of the cause, for the 
results obtained from the use of the Content, or for the security or 
maintenance of any data input by the user. The Content is provided on an "as 
is" basis. S&P PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, 
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS 
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR 
DEFECTS, THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, OR THAT THE 
CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event 
shall S&P Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental, 
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, 
expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without limitation, lost income or 
lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in 
connection with any use of the Content even if advised of the possibility of 
such damages. 
 
Credit-related and other analyses, including ratings, and statements in the 
Content are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not 
statements of fact. S&P's opinions, analyses, and rating acknowledgment 
decisions (described below) are not recommendations to purchase, hold, or sell 
any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the 
suitability of any security. S&P assumes no obligation to update the Content 
following publication in any form or format.  The Content should not be relied 
on and is not a substitute for the skill, judgment, and experience of the 
user, its management, employees, advisors, and/or clients when making 
investment and other business decisions. S&P does not act as a fiduciary or 
an investment advisor except where registered as such. While S&P has obtained 

6 Nov 2017 16:10 ET 
Press Release: S&PGR Raises Franklin Adj U.S. Gov -2-


information from sources it believes to be reliable, S&P does not perform an 
audit and undertakes no duty of due diligence or independent verification of 
any information it receives. 
 
To the extent that regulatory authorities allow a rating agency to acknowledge 
in one jurisdiction a rating issued in another jurisdiction for certain 
regulatory purposes, S&P reserves the right to assign, withdraw, or suspend 
such acknowledgement at any time and in its sole discretion. S&P Parties 
disclaim any duty whatsoever arising out of the assignment, withdrawal, or 
suspension of an acknowledgment as well as any liability for any damage 
alleged to have been suffered on account thereof. 
 
S&P keeps certain activities of its business units separate from each other in 
order to preserve the independence and objectivity of their respective 
activities. As a result, certain business units of S&P may have information 
that is not available to other S&P business units. S&P has established 
policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic 
information received in connection with each analytical process. 
 
S&P may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally 
from issuers or underwriters of securities or from obligors. S&P reserves the 
right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P's public ratings and 
analyses are made available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free 
of charge), and www.capitaliq.com (subscription), 
and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P 
publications and third-party redistributors. Additional information about our 
ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees. 
 
Any Passwords/user IDs issued by S&P to users are single user-dedicated and 
may ONLY be used by the individual to whom they have been assigned. 
No sharing of passwords/user IDs and no simultaneous access via the same 
password/user ID is permitted. To reprint, translate, or use the data or 
information other than as provided herein, contact Client Services, 
55 Water Street, New York, NY 10041; (1) 212-438-7280 or by e-mail to: 
research_request@spglobal.com. 
 
Copyright (c) 2017 by Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC . 
All rights reserved. 
 
 

(END) Dow Jones Newswires

November 06, 2017 16:10 ET (21:10 GMT)