
 
 
The following is a press release from Standard & Poor's : 
 
     -- CenterPoint Energy Inc . announced it was abandoning efforts to sell 
its full interest in Enable Midstream Partners L.P . in the very near-term. 
     -- We are affirming our ratings, including the 'A-' issuer credit 
ratings, on CenterPoint and its subsidiaries, CenterPoint Energy Houston 
Electric LLC  and CenterPoint Energy Resources Corp . At the same time, we are 
revising the outlook on each entity to stable from positive. 
     -- The stable outlook reflects our revised base case that CenterPoint 
will either maintain its interest or gradually reduce its limited partnership 
interest in higher-volatility Enable, supporting our assessment of 
CenterPoint's business risk profile at the lower half of the range for its 
business risk profile category. 
 
NEW YORK (S&P Global Ratings) Dec. 4, 2017-- S&P Global Ratings today revised 
its rating outlook on Houston-based CenterPoint Energy Inc . and subsidiaries 
CenterPoint Energy Houston Electric LLC  (CEHE) and CenterPoint Energy 
Resources Corp . (CERC) to stable from positive. At the same time, we affirmed 
our ratings, including the 'A-' issuer credit ratings, on CenterPoint and its 
subsidiaries. 
 
The stable outlook incorporates CenterPoint Energy Inc .'s continued ownership 
interest in Enable Midstream Partners L.P . and our expectations that 
CenterPoint will either maintain its stake or gradually sell its interest in 
higher-volatility Enable, supporting our current assessment of CenterPoint's 
business risk profile. 
 
The stable outlook reflects our revised base case that CenterPoint will either 
maintain its interest or gradually sell its interest in higher-volatility 
Enable. We expect that CenterPoint's business risk profile will remain the 
same, reflecting the lower-risk utility business offset by the higher-risk 
Enable. We expect that the financial measures will more consistently reflect 
the higher half of the range for its financial risk profile category. 
Specifically, we expect FFO to debt of about 20%. 
 
We could lower the rating in the next 12 to 24 months if higher-risk Enable 
disproportionally grows or CenterPoint maintains its current business risk 
composition but financial measure weakens to the lower end of the range for 
its financial risk profile category. This could occur if consolidated FFO to 
debt consistently weakened to below 16%. 
 
We could raise the rating over the next 12 to 24 months if CenterPoint's 
business risk profile improved due to the sale of Enable and the company 
maintains financial measures consistent with the higher end of the range for 
its financial risk profile category. This would include FFO to debt 
consistently greater than 20%. 
 
RELATED CRITERIA 
 
     -- Criteria - Corporates - General: Reflecting Subordination Risk In 
Corporate Issue Ratings, Sept. 21, 2017 
     -- General Criteria: Methodology For Linking Long-Term And Short-Term 
Ratings, April 7, 2017 
     -- Criteria - Corporates - General: Methodology And Assumptions: 
Liquidity Descriptors For Global Corporate Issuers, Dec. 16, 2014 
     -- Criteria - Corporates - Industrials: Key Credit Factors For The 
Midstream Energy Industry, Dec. 19, 2013 
     -- Criteria - Corporates - General: Corporate Methodology: Ratios And 
Adjustments, Nov. 19, 2013 
     -- Criteria - Corporates - General: Corporate Methodology, Nov. 19, 2013 
     -- Criteria - Corporates - Utilities: Key Credit Factors For The 
Regulated Utilities Industry, Nov. 19, 2013 
     -- General Criteria: Methodology: Industry Risk, Nov. 19, 2013 
     -- General Criteria: Group Rating Methodology, Nov. 19, 2013 
     -- General Criteria: Country Risk Assessment Methodology And Assumptions, 
Nov. 19, 2013 
     -- Criteria - Corporates - Utilities: Collateral Coverage And Issue 
Notching Rules For '1+' And '1' Recovery Ratings On Senior Bonds Secured By 
Utility Real Property, Feb. 14, 2013 
     -- General Criteria: Methodology: Management And Governance Credit 
Factors For Corporate Entities And Insurers, Nov. 13, 2012 
     -- General Criteria: Use Of CreditWatch And Outlooks, Sept. 14, 2009 
 
Certain terms used in this report, particularly certain adjectives used to 
express our view on rating relevant factors, have specific meanings ascribed 
to them in our criteria, and should therefore be read in conjunction with such 
criteria. Please see Ratings Criteria at www.standardandpoors.com for further 
information. Complete ratings information is available to subscribers of 
RatingsDirect at www.capitaliq.com. All ratings affected by this rating action 
can be found on the S&P Global Ratings' public website at 
www.standardandpoors.com. Use the Ratings search box located in the left 
column. 
 
Primary Credit Analyst: Gabe Grosberg, New York (1) 212-438-6043; 
                        gabe.grosberg@spglobal.com 
Secondary Contact: Sloan Millman, New York (212) 438-2146; 
                   sloan.millman@spglobal.com 
 
 
No content (including ratings, credit-related analyses and data, valuations, 
model, software, or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof 
(Content) may be modified, reverse engineered, reproduced, or distributed in 
any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without 
the prior written permission of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC  or 
its affiliates (collectively, S&P). The Content shall not be used for any 
unlawful or unauthorized purposes. S&P and any third-party providers, as well 
as their directors, officers, shareholders, employees, or agents (collectively 
S&P Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, or 
availability of the Content. S&P Parties are not responsible for any errors 
or omissions (negligent or otherwise), regardless of the cause, for the 
results obtained from the use of the Content, or for the security or 
maintenance of any data input by the user. The Content is provided on an "as 
is" basis. S&P PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, 
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS 
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR 
DEFECTS, THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, OR THAT THE 
CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event 
shall S&P Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental, 
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, 
expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without limitation, lost income or 
lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in 
connection with any use of the Content even if advised of the possibility of 
such damages. 
 
Credit-related and other analyses, including ratings, and statements in the 
Content are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not 
statements of fact. S&P's opinions, analyses, and rating acknowledgment 
decisions (described below) are not recommendations to purchase, hold, or sell 
any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the 
suitability of any security. S&P assumes no obligation to update the Content 
following publication in any form or format.  The Content should not be relied 
on and is not a substitute for the skill, judgment, and experience of the 
user, its management, employees, advisors, and/or clients when making 
investment and other business decisions. S&P does not act as a fiduciary or 
an investment advisor except where registered as such. While S&P has obtained 
information from sources it believes to be reliable, S&P does not perform an 
audit and undertakes no duty of due diligence or independent verification of 
any information it receives. 
 
To the extent that regulatory authorities allow a rating agency to acknowledge 
in one jurisdiction a rating issued in another jurisdiction for certain 
regulatory purposes, S&P reserves the right to assign, withdraw, or suspend 
such acknowledgement at any time and in its sole discretion. S&P Parties 
disclaim any duty whatsoever arising out of the assignment, withdrawal, or 
suspension of an acknowledgment as well as any liability for any damage 
alleged to have been suffered on account thereof. 
 
S&P keeps certain activities of its business units separate from each other in 
order to preserve the independence and objectivity of their respective 
activities. As a result, certain business units of S&P may have information 
that is not available to other S&P business units. S&P has established 
policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic 
information received in connection with each analytical process. 
 
S&P may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally 
from issuers or underwriters of securities or from obligors. S&P reserves the 
right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P's public ratings and 
analyses are made available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free 
of charge), and www.capitaliq.com (subscription), 
and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P 
publications and third-party redistributors. Additional information about our 
ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees. 
 
Any Passwords/user IDs issued by S&P to users are single user-dedicated and 
may ONLY be used by the individual to whom they have been assigned. 
No sharing of passwords/user IDs and no simultaneous access via the same 
password/user ID is permitted. To reprint, translate, or use the data or 
information other than as provided herein, contact Client Services, 
55 Water Street, New York, NY 10041; (1) 212-438-7280 or by e-mail to: 
research_request@spglobal.com. 
 
Copyright (c) 2017 by Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC . 
All rights reserved. 
 
 

(END) Dow Jones Newswires

December 04, 2017 19:01 ET (00:01 GMT)