
 
 
The following is a press release from Standard & Poor's : 
 
     -- Dover Corp . is spinning off the upstream energy business within its 
Dover Energy segment (wellsite) to create a standalone public company. 
     -- Dover will likely receive a $700 million-$800 million dividend from 
the transaction, which it will use to fund the bulk of its planned $1 billion 
of share repurchases by the end of 2018. 
     -- Therefore, we are downgrading Dover Corp . to 'BBB+' from 'A-'. 
     -- The stable outlook reflects our belief that Dover's debt leverage and 
other credit measures will remain appropriate for the current rating given the 
healthy global economy, management's continued cost improvements, the 
meaningful proceeds the company will receive from the spin-off of its upstream 
energy business, and its financial discipline. 
 
NEW YORK (S&P Global Ratings) Dec. 18, 2017--S&P Global Ratings today lowered 
its long-term corporate credit rating on Downers Grove, Ill.-based Dover Corp . 
to 'BBB+' from 'A-'. The outlook is stable. 
 
At the same time, we lowered our issue-level rating on the company's senior 
unsecured debt to 'BBB+' from 'A-' in accordance with our corporate notching 
methodology. 
 
The downgrade reflects our view that the tax-free spin-off of Dover's wellsite 
business is likely to occur, and that this, combined with the November 2017 
divestiture of its Warn Industries  consumer and industrial winch business, 
will meaningfully reduce the company's scale, the scope of its operations, and 
its business diversity. Wellsite's capabilities include artificial lift, 
energy automation, and drilling technologies and the business generates 
roughly $1 billion of annual sales with EBITDA margins of approximately 25% 
(excluding restructuring costs and public company expenses). While Dover's 
margins in its remaining energy segment are slightly higher than 25%, the 
wellsite spin-off will reduce the company's end-market diversity. Dover's 
energy segment enjoyed strong organic revenue growth of over 25% in 2017 as 
the active rig count increased, the overall oil and gas environment 
strengthened, and management's restructuring initiatives helped increase the 
segment margins to 14%. Before these restructuring initiatives, the company's 
margins in this segment were a meager 3%. 
 
The stable outlook on Dover reflects our belief that the company's credit 
measures will remain appropriate for the current rating following the spin-off 
of its wellsite business. We anticipate that the company will continue to 
enjoy solid organic growth over the next two years given the healthy 
macroeconomic environment. We expect management to focus on its operational 
execution and price discipline to offset material cost inflation while its 
repays its commercial paper balance and keeps its debt balance relatively 
constant. The company's FFO-to-debt ratio will approach 30% in 2017 before 
eventually eclipsing that mark and remaining in the 30%-35% range during the 
next two years. While the spin-off will have a slightly dilutive effect on 
Dover's margins, we expect that the company's increased focus on operational 
execution will help offset this dilution. 
 
We could lower our ratings on Dover if the company's credit measures stagnate 
or deteriorate meaningfully during the next two years. This could occur 
because of weakening end markets, greater-than-expected cost inflation, or a 
more aggressive financial policy. 
 
In addition, we could downgrade Dover if its receives a smaller-than-expected 
dividend from the spin-off, if it meaningfully increases its share 
repurchases, or if it engages in high cost debt-funded mergers or acquisitions 
without appropriately curtailing its share repurchases or other capital uses, 
thus weakening its credit measures. Specifically, we could downgrade the 
company if its free operating cash flow-to-debt ratio declines to 15% on a 
sustained basis. 
 
While unlikely in the next two years, we could raise our ratings on Dover if 
the company markedly improves its margins and increases its FFO-to-debt ratio 
above 40% on a consistent basis. An upgrade would also be contingent on 
management's adoption of a considerably more conservative financial policy 
while it continues to enhance the scale and scope of Dover's operations. 
 
RELATED CRITERIA 
 
     -- Criteria - Corporates - General: Reflecting Subordination Risk In 
Corporate Issue Ratings, Sept. 21, 2017 
     -- General Criteria: Methodology For Linking Long-Term And Short-Term 
Ratings, April 7, 2017 
     -- Criteria - Corporates - General: Methodology And Assumptions: 
Liquidity Descriptors For Global Corporate Issuers, Dec. 16, 2014 
     -- General Criteria: Group Rating Methodology, Nov. 19, 2013 
     -- Criteria - Corporates - Industrials: Key Credit Factors For The 
Capital Goods Industry, Nov. 19, 2013 
     -- Criteria - Corporates - General: Corporate Methodology: Ratios And 
Adjustments, Nov. 19, 2013 
     -- Criteria - Corporates - General: Corporate Methodology, Nov. 19, 2013 
     -- General Criteria: Country Risk Assessment Methodology And Assumptions, 
Nov. 19, 2013 
     -- General Criteria: Methodology: Industry Risk, Nov. 19, 2013 
     -- General Criteria: Methodology: Management And Governance Credit 
Factors For Corporate Entities And Insurers, Nov. 13, 2012 
     -- General Criteria: Use Of CreditWatch And Outlooks, Sept. 14, 2009 
 
Certain terms used in this report, particularly certain adjectives used to 
express our view on rating relevant factors, have specific meanings ascribed 
to them in our criteria, and should therefore be read in conjunction with such 
criteria. Please see Ratings Criteria at www.standardandpoors.com for further 
information. Complete ratings information is available to subscribers of 
RatingsDirect at www.capitaliq.com. All ratings affected by this rating action 
can be found on the S&P Global Ratings' public website at 
www.standardandpoors.com. Use the Ratings search box located in the left 
column. 
 
Primary Credit Analyst: James T Siahaan, CFA, New York (1) 212-438-3023; 
                        james.siahaan@spglobal.com 
Secondary Contact: Henry Fukuchi, New York (1) 212-438-2023; 
                   henry.fukuchi@spglobal.com 
 
 
No content (including ratings, credit-related analyses and data, valuations, 
model, software, or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof 
(Content) may be modified, reverse engineered, reproduced, or distributed in 
any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without 
the prior written permission of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC  or 
its affiliates (collectively, S&P). The Content shall not be used for any 
unlawful or unauthorized purposes. S&P and any third-party providers, as well 
as their directors, officers, shareholders, employees, or agents (collectively 
S&P Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, or 
availability of the Content. S&P Parties are not responsible for any errors 
or omissions (negligent or otherwise), regardless of the cause, for the 
results obtained from the use of the Content, or for the security or 
maintenance of any data input by the user. The Content is provided on an "as 
is" basis. S&P PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, 
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS 
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR 
DEFECTS, THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, OR THAT THE 
CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event 
shall S&P Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental, 
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, 
expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without limitation, lost income or 
lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in 
connection with any use of the Content even if advised of the possibility of 
such damages. 
 
Credit-related and other analyses, including ratings, and statements in the 
Content are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not 
statements of fact. S&P's opinions, analyses, and rating acknowledgment 
decisions (described below) are not recommendations to purchase, hold, or sell 
any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the 
suitability of any security. S&P assumes no obligation to update the Content 
following publication in any form or format.  The Content should not be relied 
on and is not a substitute for the skill, judgment, and experience of the 
user, its management, employees, advisors, and/or clients when making 
investment and other business decisions. S&P does not act as a fiduciary or 
an investment advisor except where registered as such. While S&P has obtained 
information from sources it believes to be reliable, S&P does not perform an 
audit and undertakes no duty of due diligence or independent verification of 
any information it receives. 
 
To the extent that regulatory authorities allow a rating agency to acknowledge 
in one jurisdiction a rating issued in another jurisdiction for certain 
regulatory purposes, S&P reserves the right to assign, withdraw, or suspend 
such acknowledgement at any time and in its sole discretion. S&P Parties 
disclaim any duty whatsoever arising out of the assignment, withdrawal, or 
suspension of an acknowledgment as well as any liability for any damage 
alleged to have been suffered on account thereof. 
 
S&P keeps certain activities of its business units separate from each other in 
order to preserve the independence and objectivity of their respective 
activities. As a result, certain business units of S&P may have information 
that is not available to other S&P business units. S&P has established 
policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic 
information received in connection with each analytical process. 
 

18 Dec 2017 13:00 ET 
Press Release: S&PGR Downgrds Dover Corp. To -2-


S&P may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally 
from issuers or underwriters of securities or from obligors. S&P reserves the 
right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P's public ratings and 
analyses are made available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free 
of charge), and www.capitaliq.com (subscription), 
and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P 
publications and third-party redistributors. Additional information about our 
ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees. 
 
Any Passwords/user IDs issued by S&P to users are single user-dedicated and 
may ONLY be used by the individual to whom they have been assigned. 
No sharing of passwords/user IDs and no simultaneous access via the same 
password/user ID is permitted. To reprint, translate, or use the data or 
information other than as provided herein, contact Client Services, 
55 Water Street, New York, NY 10041; (1) 212-438-7280 or by e-mail to: 
research_request@spglobal.com. 
 
Copyright (c) 2017 by Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC . 
All rights reserved. 
 
 

18 Dec 2017 13:01 ET *S&PGR Downgrades Dover Corp. to 'BBB+' From 'A-', Outlook Stable

18 Dec 2017 13:04 ET *S&PGR: Stable Outlook Reflects Dover's Debt Leverage, Other Credit Measures Will Remain Appropriate for Current Rating >DOV

18 Dec 2017 13:08 ET *S&PGR: Downgrade Reflects Likely Spinoff of Dover's Wellsite Business Will Meaningfully Reduce Company Scale, Scope of Operations, Business Diversity >DOV

(MORE TO FOLLOW) Dow Jones Newswires (212-416-2800)

December 18, 2017 13:08 ET (18:08 GMT)