
 
 
The following is a press release from Standard & Poor's : 
 
NEW YORK (S&P Global Ratings) Dec. 11, 2017--S&P Global Ratings today assigned 
its 'BBB' issue-level rating to Packaging Corp. of America 's (PCA ) $500 
million senior unsecured notes due 2020 and $500 million senior unsecured 
notes due 2027. 
 
PCA  intends to use the proceeds from these issuances to fully repay its $976 
million of outstanding term loans and for general corporate purposes. 
 
Our rating on Lake Forest, Ill.-based PCA  reflects the company's established 
presence in the stable U.S. packaging market, vertically integrated operating 
platform, and consistent industry-leading operating margins. These factors are 
somewhat offset by the company's limited geographic diversity. As of Sept. 30, 
2017, we estimate that PCA 's adjusted funds from operations (FFO)-to-debt 
ratio and debt-to-EBITDA metric were 33.6% and 2.1x, respectively. Over the 
next 12-24 months, we expect the company to manage its operations such that 
its FFO-to-debt is between 30% and 35% while its debt-to-EBITDA metric is 
about 2x, which are levels consistent with the current rating. 
 
For the complete corporate rationale, please see our most recent summary 
analysis on PCA , published Oct. 16, 2017, on RatingsDirect. 
 
RELATED CRITERIA 
 
     -- General Criteria: Methodology For Linking Long-Term And Short-Term 
Ratings, April 7, 2017 
     -- Criteria - Corporates - General: Methodology And Assumptions: 
Liquidity Descriptors For Global Corporate Issuers, Dec. 16, 2014 
     -- Criteria - Corporates - Industrials: Key Credit Factors For The Forest 
And Paper Products Industry, Feb. 12, 2014 
     -- Criteria - Corporates - General: Corporate Methodology, Nov. 19, 2013 
     -- Criteria - Corporates - Industrials: Key Credit Factors For The 
Containers And Packaging Industry, Nov. 19, 2013 
     -- General Criteria: Group Rating Methodology, Nov. 19, 2013 
     -- General Criteria: Methodology: Industry Risk, Nov. 19, 2013 
     -- Criteria - Corporates - General: Corporate Methodology: Ratios And 
Adjustments, Nov. 19, 2013 
     -- General Criteria: Country Risk Assessment Methodology And Assumptions, 
Nov. 19, 2013 
     -- General Criteria: Methodology: Management And Governance Credit 
Factors For Corporate Entities And Insurers, Nov. 13, 2012 
     -- General Criteria: Use Of CreditWatch And Outlooks, Sept. 14, 2009 
     -- Criteria - Corporates - General: 2008 Corporate Criteria: Rating Each 
Issue, April 15, 2008 
 
RELATED RESEARCH 
Packaging Corp. of America, Oct. 16, 2017 
 
Ratings List 
 
Packaging Corp. of America  
 Corporate Credit Rating                            BBB/Stable/-- 
 
New Rating 
 
Packaging Corp. of America  
 $500 mil sr unsec notes due 2020                   BBB 
 $500 mil sr unsec notes due 2027                   BBB 
 
Certain terms used in this report, particularly certain adjectives used to 
express our view on rating relevant factors, have specific meanings ascribed 
to them in our criteria, and should therefore be read in conjunction with such 
criteria. Please see Ratings Criteria at www.standardandpoors.com for further 
information. Complete ratings information is available to subscribers of 
RatingsDirect at www.capitaliq.com. All ratings affected by this rating action 
can be found on the S&P Global Ratings' public website at 
www.standardandpoors.com. Use the Ratings search box located in the left 
column. 
 
Primary Credit Analyst: Daniel Lee1, CFA, New York (212) 438-2716; 
                        daniel.lee1@spglobal.com 
Secondary Contact: Michael Tsai, New York (212) 438-1084; 
                   michael.tsai@spglobal.com 
 
 
No content (including ratings, credit-related analyses and data, valuations, 
model, software, or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof 
(Content) may be modified, reverse engineered, reproduced, or distributed in 
any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without 
the prior written permission of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC  or 
its affiliates (collectively, S&P). The Content shall not be used for any 
unlawful or unauthorized purposes. S&P and any third-party providers, as well 
as their directors, officers, shareholders, employees, or agents (collectively 
S&P Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, or 
availability of the Content. S&P Parties are not responsible for any errors 
or omissions (negligent or otherwise), regardless of the cause, for the 
results obtained from the use of the Content, or for the security or 
maintenance of any data input by the user. The Content is provided on an "as 
is" basis. S&P PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, 
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS 
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR 
DEFECTS, THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, OR THAT THE 
CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event 
shall S&P Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental, 
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, 
expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without limitation, lost income or 
lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in 
connection with any use of the Content even if advised of the possibility of 
such damages. 
 
Credit-related and other analyses, including ratings, and statements in the 
Content are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not 
statements of fact. S&P's opinions, analyses, and rating acknowledgment 
decisions (described below) are not recommendations to purchase, hold, or sell 
any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the 
suitability of any security. S&P assumes no obligation to update the Content 
following publication in any form or format.  The Content should not be relied 
on and is not a substitute for the skill, judgment, and experience of the 
user, its management, employees, advisors, and/or clients when making 
investment and other business decisions. S&P does not act as a fiduciary or 
an investment advisor except where registered as such. While S&P has obtained 
information from sources it believes to be reliable, S&P does not perform an 
audit and undertakes no duty of due diligence or independent verification of 
any information it receives. 
 
To the extent that regulatory authorities allow a rating agency to acknowledge 
in one jurisdiction a rating issued in another jurisdiction for certain 
regulatory purposes, S&P reserves the right to assign, withdraw, or suspend 
such acknowledgement at any time and in its sole discretion. S&P Parties 
disclaim any duty whatsoever arising out of the assignment, withdrawal, or 
suspension of an acknowledgment as well as any liability for any damage 
alleged to have been suffered on account thereof. 
 
S&P keeps certain activities of its business units separate from each other in 
order to preserve the independence and objectivity of their respective 
activities. As a result, certain business units of S&P may have information 
that is not available to other S&P business units. S&P has established 
policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic 
information received in connection with each analytical process. 
 
S&P may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally 
from issuers or underwriters of securities or from obligors. S&P reserves the 
right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P's public ratings and 
analyses are made available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free 
of charge), and www.capitaliq.com (subscription), 
and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P 
publications and third-party redistributors. Additional information about our 
ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees. 
 
Any Passwords/user IDs issued by S&P to users are single user-dedicated and 
may ONLY be used by the individual to whom they have been assigned. 
No sharing of passwords/user IDs and no simultaneous access via the same 
password/user ID is permitted. To reprint, translate, or use the data or 
information other than as provided herein, contact Client Services, 
55 Water Street, New York, NY 10041; (1) 212-438-7280 or by e-mail to: 
research_request@spglobal.com. 
 
Copyright (c) 2017 by Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC . 
All rights reserved. 
 
 

(END) Dow Jones Newswires

December 11, 2017 13:10 ET (18:10 GMT)