
 
 
The following is a press release from S&P Global Ratings: 
 
HONG KONG (S&P Global Ratings) Nov. 17, 2020--Proposed rule changes on 
internet lending cited in the recent abrupt suspension of Ant Group Co. Ltd .'s 
IPO are in line with Chinese regulatory trends, given technological 
disruptions in finance are insufficiently captured by the existing regulatory 
framework. S&P Global Ratings expects the Chinese government will continue to 
update its regulations and guidelines to manage the growth and risks brought 
by the fast evolving fintech industry. 
 
"The withdrawal of Ant Group's IPO underlines the uncertainties facing fintech 
companies as Chinese regulators seek to reduce uncontrolled technological 
disruption in banking and protect consumers from excessive borrowing," said 
S&P Global Ratings credit analyst Fern Wang. 
 
The China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission (CBIRC) and the People's 
Bank Of China (PBOC ) jointly announced the "Draft Interim Internet 
Micro-lending Governance Rules" on Nov.2, 2020, to be followed by a one-month 
consultation period. If implemented, the regulation could severely weaken Ant 
Group's consumer and small and micro finance business. This segment 
contributed as much as 39% to its first half 2020 revenue and is the major 
growth engine of the group. 
 
The rule change would likely slow lending growth for the more than 200 
licensed internet lenders in China. These online lenders typically offer 
small, unsecured loans and are not permitted to take deposits. Their licenses 
were initially granted by local financial bureaus under relatively lax 
regulations compared with those for banks. The new regulations aim at 
constraining leverage for such lenders, and preventing excessive consumer 
borrowing. 
 
The proposed regulations are also designed to create a more level playing 
field and reduce regulatory arbitrage, in our view. Banks for example, are 
subject to tight regulatory oversight and are expected to provide a reasonable 
level of capital contribution to their unsecured consumer lending business. 
 
In comparison Ant Group, for example, does not need much capital commitment to 
run its consumer lending business. It only retains on its balance sheet 2% of 
the total outstanding credit balance on loans it originated; 98% of the loans 
originated were off-loaded to investors via structured finance products or to 
commercial banks that were keen in expanding their exposures to consumer 
credits. Some 80% of Ant Group's originated loans are to individual retail 
customers. The total as the end of the first half of 2020 amounted to about 
Chinese renminbi 2.1 trillion (US$325 billion). 
 
In contrast to the emphasis on innovation and risk-taking that fintech 
companies wanted, China's proposed rules on internet financing would constrain 
cross-provincial lending; limit maximum loan amounts; require a minimum 30% 
capital contribution to joint borrowing, restrict leverage including use of 
asset-backed securities instruments; and impose minimal capital requirements 
on the internet small loans companies. 
 
"While pro-innovation, Chinese regulators' top priority is financial 
stability," said Ms. Wang. "They have a particularly strong incentive to 
manage fast-growing consumer lending to lower-income borrowers." 
 
Our analysis shows that China's banking system is more exposed to 
technological disruption than those of other major countries'. To analyze the 
impact of fintech on retail banking, S&P Global has developed a four-factor 
gauge of banking systems sensitivity to technology, regulation, industry, and 
client preferences (TRIP). Of the 22 markets/countries to which we've applied 
TRIP analysis, China is the only one assessed as having a very high disruption 
risk from technology. This is due to the significant inroads made by China's 
Big Tech firms in fintech through their platform and heavy investment in 
technologies like Big Data, AI analytics, and loud computing (see "Tech 
Disruption In Retail Banking: China's Banks Are Playing Catch-Up To Big Tech, 
published on RatingsDirect on May 14, 2019). 
 
In China, fintech is dominated by large firms such as Alibaba Group Holding 
Ltd .'s Ant Group and Tencent Holdings Ltd . Such firms have turned China's 
consumer market into one of the world's most digitalized, as measured for 
example by the percentage of online sales to total retail spending. These 
companies are driving disruption in retail banking with e-payments, 
deposit-like funds, and Big Data-assisted consumer lending. 
 
Since 2017, China implemented a series of regulations to manage disruptions 
caused by fast-growing fintech activities. New rules were rolled out after a 
money market fund under Ant Group, Yu'ebao, grew to become the world's 
largest--raising the specter of liquidity shocks in the event of mass 
withdrawals. The subsequent regulations on money market funds constrained 
growth. 
 
Regulators have also implemented a centralized payment clearing system 
(NetUnion) to prevent settlement risk of payment companies. Third-party 
payment services such as Alipay and WeChat  Pay now have to deposit 100% of 
clients' funds with the PBOC , no longer enjoying the advantage of earning 
interest on those deposits. 
 
In 2017, regulators reined in the unfettered growth in the peer to peer (P2P) 
consumer fintech industry driving most of these players out of the industry. 
CBIRC indicated in November 2020 that only a handful P2P internet lenders are 
left from a peak of over 7,000 just before the new rules took hold. 
Authorities cited predatory lending as the main impetus for tightening 
licensing and oversight in the P2P market. 
 
"We expect the Chinese government will further update its regulations and 
guidelines to manage the growth and risks brought by the fast evolving fintech 
industry," said S&P Global Ratings credit analyst Ryan Tsang. "The challenge 
for regulators is to find a fine balance in encouraging innovation and keeping 
associated risks in check to make sure financial system stability is not 
jeopardized. We also believe they will seek to reduce opportunities for 
regulatory arbitrage to level the playing field in terms of regulatory 
supervision for fintech players and traditional financial services providers. 
 
RELATED RESEARCH 
     -- Tech Disruption In Retail Banking: China's Banks Are Playing Catch-Up 
To Big Tech, May 14, 2019 
     -- The Future Of Banking: Will Retail Banks Trip Over Tech Disruption? 
May. 14, 2019 
     -- The Future Of Banking: As China's Internet Firms Grow The Financial 
Services Pie, Banks Angle For A Larger Slice, Oct. 30, 2018 
 
This report does not constitute a rating action. 
 
S&P Global Ratings, part of S&P Global Inc . (NYSE: SPGI), is the world's 
leading provider of independent credit risk research. We publish more than a 
million credit ratings on debt issued by sovereign, municipal, corporate and 
financial sector entities. With over 1,400 credit analysts in 26 countries, 
and more than 150 years' experience of assessing credit risk, we offer a 
unique combination of global coverage and local insight. Our research and 
opinions about relative credit risk provide market participants with 
information that helps to support the growth of transparent, liquid debt 
markets worldwide. 
 
Primary Credit Analyst: Fern Wang, CFA, Hong Kong (852) 2533-3536; 
                        fern.wang@spglobal.com 
Secondary Contact: Ryan Tsang, CFA, Hong Kong +  852 2533 3532; 
                   ryan.tsang@spglobal.com 
Media Contacts: Michelle Lei , Beijing +  86 10 6569 2961; 
                michelle.lei@spglobal.com 
                Ning Ma, Hong Kong (852) 2912-3029; 
                ning.ma@spglobal.com 
 
 
No content (including ratings, credit-related analyses and data, valuations, 
model, software, or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof 
(Content) may be modified, reverse engineered, reproduced, or distributed in 
any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without 
the prior written permission of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC  or 
its affiliates (collectively, S&P). The Content shall not be used for any 
unlawful or unauthorized purposes. S&P and any third-party providers, as well 
as their directors, officers, shareholders, employees, or agents (collectively 
S&P Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, or 
availability of the Content. S&P Parties are not responsible for any errors 
or omissions (negligent or otherwise), regardless of the cause, for the 
results obtained from the use of the Content, or for the security or 
maintenance of any data input by the user. The Content is provided on an "as 
is" basis. S&P PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, 
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS 
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR 
DEFECTS, THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, OR THAT THE 
CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event 
shall S&P Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental, 
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, 
expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without limitation, lost income or 
lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in 
connection with any use of the Content even if advised of the possibility of 
such damages. 
 
Credit-related and other analyses, including ratings, and statements in the 
Content are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not 
statements of fact. S&P's opinions, analyses, and rating acknowledgment 
decisions (described below) are not recommendations to purchase, hold, or sell 
any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the 
suitability of any security. S&P assumes no obligation to update the Content 
following publication in any form or format.  The Content should not be relied 

16 Nov 2020 21:24 ET *S&PGR: China's Ant IPO Suspension A Sign Of Tightening Regs

16 Nov 2020 21:24 ET 
Press Release: S&PGR: China's Ant IPO Suspension -2-


on and is not a substitute for the skill, judgment, and experience of the 
user, its management, employees, advisors, and/or clients when making 
investment and other business decisions. S&P does not act as a fiduciary or 
an investment advisor except where registered as such. While S&P has obtained 
information from sources it believes to be reliable, S&P does not perform an 
audit and undertakes no duty of due diligence or independent verification of 
any information it receives. 
 
To the extent that regulatory authorities allow a rating agency to acknowledge 
in one jurisdiction a rating issued in another jurisdiction for certain 
regulatory purposes, S&P reserves the right to assign, withdraw, or suspend 
such acknowledgement at any time and in its sole discretion. S&P Parties 
disclaim any duty whatsoever arising out of the assignment, withdrawal, or 
suspension of an acknowledgment as well as any liability for any damage 
alleged to have been suffered on account thereof. 
 
S&P keeps certain activities of its business units separate from each other in 
order to preserve the independence and objectivity of their respective 
activities. As a result, certain business units of S&P may have information 
that is not available to other S&P business units. S&P has established 
policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic 
information received in connection with each analytical process. 
 
S&P may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally 
from issuers or underwriters of securities or from obligors. S&P reserves the 
right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P's public ratings and 
analyses are made available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free 
of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com 
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P 
publications and third-party redistributors. Additional information about our 
ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees. 
 
Any Passwords/user IDs issued by S&P to users are single user-dedicated and 
may ONLY be used by the individual to whom they have been assigned. 
No sharing of passwords/user IDs and no simultaneous access via the same 
password/user ID is permitted. To reprint, translate, or use the data or 
information other than as provided herein, contact Client Services, 
55 Water Street, New York, NY 10041; (1) 212-438-7280 or by e-mail to: 
research_request@spglobal.com. 
 
Copyright (c) 2020 by Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC . 
All rights reserved. 
 
 

(END) Dow Jones Newswires

November 16, 2020 21:24 ET (02:24 GMT)